{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red109\green109\blue109;
\red7\green68\blue184;\red6\green33\blue79;\red27\green31\blue34;\red7\green68\blue184;\red6\green33\blue79;
\red21\green23\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;
\cssrgb\c0\c36078\c77255;\cssrgb\c1176\c18431\c38431;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c0\c36078\c77255;\cssrgb\c1176\c18431\c38431;
\cssrgb\c10588\c12157\c13725\c30196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20780\viewh9380\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth60508\clftsWidth3 \clheight4470 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth60508\clftsWidth3 \clheight4470 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \{\cf5 \strokec5 quest\cf2 \strokec2 : \cf6 \strokec6 `This person founded Amazon.com`\cf2 \strokec2 , \cf5 \strokec5 answer\cf2 \strokec2 : \cf6 \strokec6 `jeff bezos`\cf2 \strokec2 , \cf5 \strokec5 story\cf2 \strokec2 : \cf6 \strokec6 `Amazon was founded by Jeff Bezos in Bellevue, Washington, on July 5, 1994. The company started as an online marketplace for books but expanded to sell electronics, software, video games, apparel, furniture, food, toys, and jewelry. In 2015, Amazon surpassed Walmart as the most valuable retailer in the United States by market capitalization`, level: \'91easy\'92\cf2 \strokec2 \}, \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \{\cf8 quest\cf7 : \cf9 `This is the city where Amazon Headquarters is located`\cf7 , \cf8 answer\cf7 : \cf9 `seattle`\cf7 , \cf8 story\cf7 : \cf9 \'91Amazon Headquarters is located in Seattle, Washington\'92, level: \'91easy\'92\cf7 \},\
\
\{\cf8 quest\cf7 : \cf9 `This is what acronym AWS stands for`\cf7 , \cf8 answer\cf7 : \cf9 `amazon web services`\cf7 , \cf8 story\cf7 : \cf9 \'91AWS stands for Amazon Web Services\'92, level: \'91easy\'92\cf7 \},\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \{\cf8 quest\cf7 : \cf9 `It is said to always be this day at Amazon`\cf7 , \cf8 answer\cf7 : \cf9 `day 1`\cf7 , \cf8 story\cf7 : \'91\cf9 The Day 1 mentality means that even though Amazon is nearly 25 years old, the company treats every day like it\'92s the first day of their new startup`, level: \'91medium\'92\cf7 \},\
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \{\cf8 quest\cf7 : \cf9 `This is the name of a high tech supermarket that allows shoppers to buy groceries without checking out items with a cashier`\cf7 , \cf8 answer\cf7 : \cf9 `Amazon Go`\cf7 , \cf8 story\cf7 : \cf9 \'91Amazon Go stores are equipped with hundreds of cameras that utilize a type of technology similar to that used in self-driving cars. This technology keeps a virtual shopping cart which allows customers to just walk out when they are done shopping. A bill is automatically sent to their Amazon account.\'92, level: \'91medium\'92\cf7 \},\cf7 \
\
\cf7 \{\cf8 quest\cf7 : \cf9 `As a cost saving measure in the early days of Amazon, this was used as a desk`\cf7 , \cf8 answer\cf7 : \cf9 `door`\cf7 , \cf8 story\cf7 : \cf9 \'91Cheap doors and sawed off two by fours were used as desks to save money in the early days of Amazon.\'92, level: \'91medium\'92\cf7 \},\cf7 \
\
\cf7 \{\cf8 quest\cf7 : \cf9 `At Amazon, teams are generally restricted to the amount of people that could be fed by blank`\cf7 , \cf8 answer\cf7 : \cf9 `two pizzas`\cf7 , \cf8 story\cf7 : \cf9 \'91While Amazon encourages teamwork, project teams are generally capped around 10 people per team - or two pizza teams. This concept was introduced by Jeff Bezos.\'92, level: \'91medium\'92\cf7 \},\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \{\cf8 quest\cf7 : \cf9 `Amazon was almost named instead`\cf7 , \cf8 answer\cf7 : \cf9 `cadabra`\cf7 , \cf8 story\cf7 : \cf9 \'91Amazon was almost named Cadabra, which is short for the magic term abracadabra`, level: \'91hard\'92\cf7 \},\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \{\cf8 quest\cf7 : \cf9 `This is the title of the first book ever sold on Amazon`\cf7 , \cf8 answer\cf7 : \cf9 `Fluid Concepts and Creative Analogies`\cf7 , \cf8 story\cf7 : \cf9 \'91The first book ever sold on Amazon was Fluid Concepts and Creative Analogies, by Douglas Hofstadter.\'92, level: \'91hard\'92\cf7 \},\
\
\{\cf8 quest\cf7 : \cf9 `Amazon.com originally launched with this tagline`\cf7 , \cf8 answer\cf7 : \cf9 `Earth\'92s biggest book store`\cf7 , \cf8 story\cf7 : \cf9 \'91One of the reasons Jeff Bezos chose Amazon as the company name was to suggest scale.\'92, level: \'91hard\'92\cf7 \},\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth60508\clftsWidth3 \clminw1000 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth33777\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl400\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf10 \strokec10 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \cell \lastrow\row
}